.TH "index.php" 3 "6 May 2008" "Version 0.2" "UPC Lookup" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
index.php \- Main handler file, contains all HTML code. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Enumerations"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBAPIKEY\fP "
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "enum \fBISBNKEY\fP "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$debug\fP = FALSE"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$upc\fP = $_GET['upc']"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Main handler file, contains all HTML code. 

This is the main output file, the file that calls all other functions. This file should not need to be modified very often. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBindex.php\fP.
.SH "Enumeration Type Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "enum \fBAPIKEY\fP"
.PP
The Google AJAX search API key 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
http://code.google.com/apis/ajaxsearch/signup.html 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 27 of file index.php.
.SS "enum \fBISBNKEY\fP"
.PP
isbndb.com API key 
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
https://isbndb.com/account/dev/keys/generate.html 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file index.php.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "$debug = FALSE"
.PP
Set to TRUE to output debug info 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file index.php.
.PP
Referenced by XMLRPC_debug_print().
.SS "$upc = $_GET['upc']"
.PP
Holds the barcode entered 
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Can hold any barcode, but named $upc for ease of entry 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 72 of file index.php.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UPC Lookup from the source code.
