.TH "include/opensearch/opensearch.inc" 3 "8 May 2008" "Version 0.2" "UPC Lookup" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
include/opensearch/opensearch.inc \- Implements OpenSearch Access. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$desc_url\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$url\fP = 'http://www.koders.com/search/KodersSourceCodeSearchDescription.xml'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$word\fP = 'PHP'"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$url\fP = $os->getSearchURLfor($word)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB$result\fP = $os->search($word)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Implements OpenSearch Access. 

Implements OpenSearch Access Using \fCServices/OpenSearch\fP. 
.PP
Definition in file \fBopensearch.inc\fP.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "$desc_url"
.PP
\fBInitial value:\fP
.PP
.nf
 array(
//   // Koders Source Code Search / OpenSearch 1.0
//   'koders'    => 'http://www.koders.com/search/KodersSourceCodeSearchDescription.xml',
//   // Wikipedia (English)       / OpenSearch 1.1
//   'wikipedia' => 'http://en.wikipedia.org/w/opensearch_desc.php',
  'upclookup' => 'http://127.0.0.1/upc/include/opensearch/opensearch_desc.xml',
)
.fi
.PP
Definition at line 10 of file opensearch.inc.
.SS "$result = $os->search($word)"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file opensearch.inc.
.PP
Referenced by checkBarcode(), and getBarcodeInfo().
.SS "$url = $os->getSearchURLfor($word)"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file opensearch.inc.
.SS "$url = 'http://www.koders.com/search/KodersSourceCodeSearchDescription.xml'"
.PP
Definition at line 18 of file opensearch.inc.
.PP
Referenced by fget(), and parseXML().
.SS "$word = 'PHP'"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file opensearch.inc.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UPC Lookup from the source code.
