.TH "xmlrpc.inc" 3 "26 Apr 2008" "UPC Lookup" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
xmlrpc.inc \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBXML\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "& \fBXML_serialize\fP (&$data, $level=0, $prior_key=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "& \fBXML_unserialize\fP (&$xml)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "& \fBXMLRPC_parse\fP (&$request)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "& \fBXMLRPC_prepare\fP ($data, $type=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "& \fBXMLRPC_adjustValue\fP (&$current_node)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXMLRPC_getParams\fP ($request)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXMLRPC_getMethodName\fP ($methodCall)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXMLRPC_request\fP ($site, $location, $methodName, $params=NULL, $user_agent=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXMLRPC_response\fP ($return_value, $server=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXMLRPC_error\fP ($faultCode, $faultString, $server=NULL)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXMLRPC_convert_timestamp_to_iso8601\fP ($timestamp)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXMLRPC_convert_iso8601_to_timestamp\fP ($iso8601)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcount_numeric_items\fP (&$array)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXMLRPC_debug\fP ($function_name, $debug_message)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXMLRPC_debug_print\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBXMLRPC_show\fP ($data, $func='print_r', $return_str=false)"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
An XML-RPC implementation by Keith Devens, version 2.5f. http://www.keithdevens.com/software/xmlrpc/
.PP
Release history available at: http://www.keithdevens.com/software/xmlrpc/history/
.PP
This code is Open Source, released under terms similar to the Artistic License. Read the license at http://www.keithdevens.com/software/license/ Note: this code requires version 4.1.0 or higher of PHP.
.PP
\fBSee also:\fP
.RS 4
http://keithdevens.com/software/xmlrpc
.RE
.PP
\fBBug\fP
.RS 4
Generates the following error on DreamHost servers (and possible others) at different places in the file:
.br
 Warning: Call-time pass-by-reference has been deprecated; If you would like to pass it by reference, modify the declaration of xml_set_object(). If you would like to enable call-time pass-by-reference, you can set allow_call_time_pass_reference to true in your INI file. in /home/.zerlina/dkeenan/upc.dankeenan.org/xmlrpc.inc 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition in file \fBxmlrpc.inc\fP.
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "count_numeric_items (&$ array)"
.PP
Definition at line 473 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
Referenced by XML::open(), and XMLRPC_prepare().
.SS "& XML_serialize (&$ data, $ level = \fC0\fP, $ prior_key = \fCNULL\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 25 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
Referenced by XMLRPC_error(), XMLRPC_request(), and XMLRPC_response().
.SS "& XML_unserialize (&$ xml)"
.PP
Definition at line 167 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
Referenced by XMLRPC_parse(), and XMLRPC_request().
.SS "& XMLRPC_adjustValue (&$ current_node)"
.PP
Definition at line 245 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
Referenced by XMLRPC_getParams(), and XMLRPC_request().
.SS "XMLRPC_convert_iso8601_to_timestamp ($ iso8601)"
.PP
Definition at line 469 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.SS "XMLRPC_convert_timestamp_to_iso8601 ($ timestamp)"
.PP
Definition at line 463 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.SS "XMLRPC_debug ($ function_name, $ debug_message)"
.PP
Definition at line 477 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
Referenced by XMLRPC_error(), XMLRPC_parse(), XMLRPC_request(), and XMLRPC_response().
.SS "XMLRPC_debug_print ()"
.PP
Definition at line 481 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
References $debug.
.SS "XMLRPC_error ($ faultCode, $ faultString, $ server = \fCNULL\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 440 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
References XML_serialize(), XMLRPC_debug(), and XMLRPC_show().
.SS "XMLRPC_getMethodName ($ methodCall)"
.PP
Definition at line 339 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.SS "XMLRPC_getParams ($ request)"
.PP
Definition at line 318 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
References XMLRPC_adjustValue().
.SS "& XMLRPC_parse (&$ request)"
.PP
Definition at line 174 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
References XML_unserialize(), XMLRPC_debug(), and XMLRPC_show().
.SS "& XMLRPC_prepare ($ data, $ type = \fCNULL\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 185 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
References count_numeric_items().
.PP
Referenced by checkBarcode(), and getBarcodeInfo().
.SS "XMLRPC_request ($ site, $ location, $ methodName, $ params = \fCNULL\fP, $ user_agent = \fCNULL\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 344 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
References XML_serialize(), XML_unserialize(), XMLRPC_adjustValue(), XMLRPC_debug(), and XMLRPC_show().
.PP
Referenced by checkBarcode(), and getBarcodeInfo().
.SS "XMLRPC_response ($ return_value, $ server = \fCNULL\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 418 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
References XML_serialize(), XMLRPC_debug(), and XMLRPC_show().
.SS "XMLRPC_show ($ data, $ func = \fC'print_r'\fP, $ return_str = \fCfalse\fP)"
.PP
Definition at line 494 of file xmlrpc.inc.
.PP
Referenced by XMLRPC_error(), XMLRPC_parse(), XMLRPC_request(), and XMLRPC_response().
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for UPC Lookup from the source code.
